If you build it, he will come.
Just keep swimming.
Mama says, Stupid is as stupid does.
I'm the king of the world.
Shaken, not stirred.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings.
Keep your friends close, but you enemies closer.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
You don't understand! I could've had class.
I could've been a contender.
I cound've been somebody.
instead of a bum. which is what I am.
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.
One may fall in love with many people...but the previous sadness is kind of treasure.
Happiness is not about being immortal, it's about having each tiny wish come true.
Whatever the future brings, you are my light.
You are a grown-up. You got to take control of your own life.
From now on, I'm gonna say yes to love, yes to adventure, yes to life.
Life is too short, can't be used vengeful build hate.
Life is too short, can not be used vengeful build hate.
Do you think, because I am poor,obscure,plain,and littele,I am soulless and  heartless?
You think wrong. I have much soul as you, and full as much heart.
I think the bird flies but the sea birds fly,is that no courage of the sea, years later I
discovered, not the bird flies past, but not the other side of the sea, and had no waiting.
You know some birds are not meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright.
There is something inside, that they cont get to, that they cant touch, thats yours.
Life was like a box of chocolates, you neve know what youre gonna get.
Miracles happen  every day.
Miracles happen every day.
It mad me look like a duck in water.
Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance.
I dont know if we each have a destiny, or if were all just floating around accidentally, like  on a breeze.
If you believe me, I will always be with you when you need it.
Its beautiful there, but youre more beautiful.
I just dont want you to repeat the mistakes I made with Carl.
You should do your best with what God has given.
A simple word contains a lot of helplessness in my heart.
What do you mean, cant I be myself in the future?
The outside world is so good, then why do you come here.
When you want to find a shoulder to lean on, Ill be right there.
I used to think my life was tragedy, Now I mean, its a comedy.
Mom always said that death is part of life, I really hope not.
I will avenge those who dare to harm and poison my companions.
I think at that moment, he reconciled with God.
As God is my witness, Ill never be hungry again.
Cant I be myself, the real, the true self.
We dont need to win, we just need to fight.
From that day on, if I was going anywhere, I would run.
There are miracles wvery day. Some people disagree, but its true.
Everyone will betray and die like ashes.
I mean, I keep coming to you because I want to see you.
You have to choose your time.
If you need anything, please let me know. Im not far from you.
I began to want to be happy,sleep in bed and have concerns.
If you want to play God, you must deal with the devil.
I dont like sports very much.
I dont like all my nightgowns, and I dont like all my underwear.
If I cant see you again, good morning, good afternoon and good night.
Frankly, my deal, I dont give a damn.
I know Im not smart enough, but I know where love is.
I guess you are used to miscalculations.
Everything I see is food for my hunger. My hunger is power.
How many times do I have to touch you before you ask me out.
In our place, you must keep running to stay where you are.
There is no certainly in the world, this is the only certainly I have.
Start at the end, end at the beginning.
How about I buy you a cup of coffee.
You can take our lives, but you will never take our freedom.
It makes me feel like a fish in water.
You should let things go and enjoy life as much as possible.
When you introduce me, can you introduce me as a clown.
Dont touch any memory until you figure it out.
Ive grown up, Im getting old.
It happens when it happens, Why must it be meaningful.
I want to be a bird so that I can fly away from here.
First learn to use the brain, then learn to use the sword.
I wanted to go there, but suddenly something happened.
This can happen to anyone.
Sometimes we have to make sacrifices for the right choice.
You dont have to worry so much, I wont want you to marry me.
Hello..
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
Good night.
Good evening.
I'm Kathy King.
Are you Peter Smith?
Yes, I am.
No, I'm not.
How are you?
Fine, thanks, And you?
I'm fine, too.
How is Any?
How is you wife?
How is you hasband?
She is very well, thank you.
Good night, Jane.
Good-bye, Mike.
See you tomorrow.
See you later.
I have to go now.
May I come in?
Come in, please.
Sit down, please.
It's time for class.
Open your books and turn to page 20.
I'll call the roll before class.
Here!
Has everybody got a sheet?
Any different opinion?
Are you with me?
Have I made myself clear?
Could you say it again?
Any questions?
That's all for today.
Please turn in your paper before leaving.
What's this?
It's a pen.
is this your handbag?
No, it isn't.
Yes, it is.
Whose pen is this?
It's Kate's.
Is that a car?
No, It isn't. it's a bus.
What do you call this in English?
What is the color of your new book?
How big is your house?
How long is the street?
What's the name of the cat?
Where's the company?
Which is the right size?
What's this?
It's an air-conditioner?
Is this yours?
Yes, It's mine.
Where are my glasses?
Do you know where I've put my glasses?
Over there.
On the desk.
Is this your pen?
I found it under the desk.
No, Mine is blue.
Which is your bag?
The bigger one.
The one on your right.
Are these books all yours?
Some of them are mine.
Who are you?
I'm Jim.
Who is the guy over there?
He's Bob.
Is that girl a student?
No, she isn't.
What do you do?
He's a manager.
She must be a model, isn't she?
I really don't know.
I have no idea about it.
Can she be a driver?
Yes, I think so.
What's your name?
May I have your name?
My name is Thomas.
Just call me Tom.
What's your family name?
My family name is Ayneswonth.
How do you spell it?
Who is the lady in white?
Could you introduce me to her?
Rose, let me introduce my friend to you.
This is Tom, He's my classmate.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you., too.
Let me introduce myself.
How do you do?
What day is it today?
It's Monday today.
What's the date today?
It's January the 15th, 1999.
What month is this?
It's December.
What year is this?
It's the year of 1999.
What will you do during this weekend?
Does the shop open at 9 am on weekend?
It opens at 8 am on weekdays, but at 9 at weekends.
What will you do the day after on next?
What did you do the week before last?
I'll work for the next 5 days.
It's been 5 years since I last saw you.
Do you have a computer?
Yes, I do.
He has that book, doesn't he.
No, he doesn't.
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
No, I'm a single son.
Does your computer have a modem.
Do you have shampoo here?
What a beautiful garden you have.
Any tickets left?
Do you have glue? I need some here.
I have some left.
If you have more, please give me some.
Do you have my pencil?
Yes, I have your eraser. too.
What time is it now?
It's two o'clock.
It's a quater past five.
It's ten minutes to four.
It's half past nine.
It's one o'clock sharp.
It's not four o'clock.
My watch says two o'clock.
My watch is two minutes fast.
What's the time by your watch?
We must arrive there on time.
There are only two minutes left.
Can you finish your work ahead of time.
The flight is delayed.
The meeting is put off.
What day is today?
Today is Monday.
What's the date today?
Today is May 12th.
When were you born?
I was born on September 1st, 1976.
What time?
You name the time.
I'll meet you toorrow.
Do you know the exact date?
Please check the date.
What were you doing this time last year?
How long will the sale last?
Only three days.
I'll be back in 5 days.
When You Are Old
William Butler Yeats
When you are old and grey and full of sleep.
And nodding by the fire, take down this book.
And slowly read, and dream of the soft look.
Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep.
How many loved your moments of glad grace.
And loved your beauty with love false or true.
But one man loved sorrows of your changing face.
And bending down beside the glowing bars.
Murmur, a little sadly, how love fled.
And paced upon the mountains overhead.
And hid his face amid a crowd of stars.
I Hear America Singing
I hear America singing, the varied carols I hear.
Those of mechanics, each one singing his as it should be blithe and strong.
The carpenter singing his as he measures his plank or beam.
The mason singing his as he makes ready for work, or leaves off work.
The boatman singing what belogs to him in his boat, the deckhand singing on the steamboatdeck.
The shoemaker singing as he sits on his bench, the hatter singing as he stands.
The wood-cutter's song, the ploughboy's on his way in the morning or at noon intermission or at sundown.
The delicious singing of the mother, or of the young wife at work.
or of the girl sewing or washing.
Each singing what belogs to him or her and to none else.
The day what belongs to the day. at night the party of young fellows, robust, friendly.
Singing with open mouths their strong melodious songs.
As Imperceptibly as Grief
The summer lapsed away
Too imperceptible at last.
To seem like perfidy, A quietness distilled.
As Twilight long begun.
Or Nature spending with herself.
Sequestered Afternoon.
The Dusk drew earlier in.
The morning forign shone
A courteous, yet harrowing Grace.
As Guest, that would be gone.
And thus, without a Wing
Or service of Keel
Our Summer made her light escape
Into the Beautiful
Do not go gentle into that good night
Dylan Thomas
Do not go gentle into that good night
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
rage, rage against the dying of night.
Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
because their words had forked no lightning, they do not go gentle into that good night.
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright.
The Pride of Youth
Proud Maisie is in wood,
Walking so early;
Sweet Robin sits on the bush,
Singing so rarely.
tell me, thou bonny bird.
When shall I marry me?
When six braw gentlemen kirkward shall carry ye.
Who makes the birdal bed.
birdie, say truly?
The gray headed sexton
That delves the grave duly.
The glowworm o'er grave and stone
Shall light thee steady;
The owl from the steeple sing.
Welcome, proud lady.
